Add: new meeting notes 11 (#29)
dat-land/comm-comm: meeting-notes/11-28February2019.md

# dat protocol Community communication

28 Feb 2019

## People

* Diego ([@dpaez](https://github.com/dpaez))
* Joseph ([ARA](https://ara.one/))
* Georgy ([@rangermauve](https://github.com/rangermauve))

## Agenda

* No previous action items

## Meeting Notes

- Diego starts introducing a new comm-comm meeting, the number 11.
  Comm-comm meetings are a place for and by the community. Here we can
  discuss ideas, share updates and findings, answer community questions,
  and much more. This place is yours.

> - Georgy says hi. Since Georgy is working full time for the Dat project he

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Georgiy says hi. Since Georgiy is contracting part time for the Dat project he
```

I'm working 20h a week and I'm technically an independent contractor. :D

  shares some of his recent work and findings.

>     - He recently published a dat-mobile native app. It's available on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - He recently published a [Datmobile](https://github.com/RangerMauve/datmobile) (pronounced like batmobile) native app. It's available on the
```
